you
hello Salva today we're talking about
the airport in coup and para de l'opéra
aq let's give it a try
Diane Pikul into frosty I can't wait to
take a break either me a letter P and
tacit dirt where will you spend your
holidays do a team fair yay I'm going to
Spain and door for mentira this is
Caravaggio Airport cat ok LaLaurie oh
poor delay aircraft
oloppor AQ Airport
Ilario port flight envelope pilot all
pilota
stewardess la cámara de la pareo luggage
release carousel on local port on Solis
ticket Alba yet passport all passaport
ID la carta identity' baggage claim
cuando kata party elicit a gerund ahi
Cali departure la parte esse takeoff and
the landing and vaso seed also deal
seatbelt Lehane Keira
oh the headlock hold up your deck AHA de
Bourgh she delay Aria pure cabin la
cabina lavatory old Gabby net cabin crew
akamaru de l'opéra q a runway Lapita
control tower gala torque a pallid
Ekalavya Hriniak in desc
don't get ahead Onaga alley rucksack shy
no customs lado ghana duty-free shop
onego Hedy LaRue Kiko tada me no let's
try a few more father said I came up
Iike that you pay fasten your seat belts
please
nigga sure he had today how many pieces
of luggage do you have kwacha Ali hip or
puppy very poor it is forbidden to smoke
on board the secre Aspen Yamaha Striga
can I use the lavatory going to plug a
potpourri nappy ha the flight has been
delayed and part pure how long is the
delay okay we revive Bo your suitcase is
too heavy MIT dick go hand Ally is this
the game for flight 85 to go ahead and
dump the web for me where did you fly
from then doing it then do it ball what
is the purpose of your visit
kocchi me how long are you planning to
stay getting 10 shooters taka quark do
you have anything to declare
Gallego tekele Vania Bay where can I get
a taxi and makuu J doe Japan duet Darcy
goodbye and see you soon mr. bother the
holiday